README.md, before:

# Easy-Build for XBOX Original



**What is it?**

A tool in testing for compiling xbox code. Easy to Update script.

- Windows XP - 10 x86

- Fixed issues with mstools/idw folders incorrectly being set

- Basic Options for compiling

- 'Unofficial' binplace script 'xcopybins.cmd' to place some built files


**How to use**
You will need access to the Xbox trunk and Team Complex's patch.

- Have easy-build-xinit.cmd on the ROOT of a drive e.g: D:\easy-build-xinit.cmd
- Open easy-build-xinit.cmd
- Setup the Xbox trunk in your Drive root as specified in easy-build-xinit (VHD users are already set up)
- Let the script apply Team Complex patches (These allow the xbox trunk to be built)
- Once that's done, follow onscreen instructions until Razzle loads
- Type into razzle: easybuild
- You can now build from the Easy-Build mainmenu
- Built binaries will be in %DriveRoot%\xbox\xboxbuilds\fre\{dump}

*Any issues or suggestions please open an issue ticket so I can look into it*

**What's Updated?**

- Added 'xmakesamples.cmd' which builds the XDK Sample CD.
- Added a WIP script to set off the XDK build *see XDK below*
- Fixed %_BUILDVER% not being set on razzle-easybuild handover
- Changed menu colours (I may change back depending on feedback)

**Previous Updates**
- Small update to some 'dirs' files that adds folders to the build process that can build successfully
- Separated easybuild.cmd (mainmenu) to public/tools/ 
- Added xcopybins.cmd (basic, needing love, has pauses to tell us what's going down)
- Actual easybuild.cmd shows correct Razzle Tool Path now, starts xcopybins.cmd as postbuild
  
**XDK Building**
**InstallShield Professional 6.2 is required for this**
I have included my currently in progress script to try and build the Xbox SDK. Currently it fails compiling the InstallShield specific XDK Setup scripts.. 

- To run the script, load Easy-Build, drop to Razzle prompt and type **"private\SDK\setup\xsdkbuild.cmd"**

  
**If you want to help the development of Easy-Build, have some issues join the Matrix chat!**

  https://matrix.to/#/!febkSwamiedCsfevDe:matrix.org?via=matrix.org
  
**For a VHD image with the SRC set up ready go here:**

  https://gofile.io/d/PZngu0

**NOTE** The version of Easy-Build in the VHD is the initial version, **UPDATE EASY-BUILD** simply by dropping the updated files here in place.


  **NOTE: This is the first release, It is lacking in many features that Easy-Build-NT5 has.. If I get time I will eventually figure out more of the build system**
  
  ![Menu](https://github.com/Empyreal96/easy-build-xbox/raw/main/menu.png)

Commit message:

Small update, no major feature changes
- Postbuild scripts now have 'basic' logs in the %_NT386TREE% folder
- Added copying 'HVS Launcher Test' files (not sure what this is)
- Added two more buildable directories in "private\sdktools\factory"

README.md, after:

# Easy-Build for XBOX Original



**What is it?**

A tool in testing for compiling xbox code. Easy to Update script.

- Buildable Windows XP - 10 x86

- Fixed issues with mstools/idw folders incorrectly being set

- Basic Options for compiling

- 'Unofficial' binplace script 'xcopybins.cmd' to place some built files


**How to use**
You will need access to the Xbox trunk and Team Complex's patch.

- Have easy-build-xinit.cmd on the ROOT of a drive e.g: D:\easy-build-xinit.cmd
- Open easy-build-xinit.cmd
- Setup the Xbox trunk in your Drive root as specified in easy-build-xinit (VHD users are already set up)
- Let the script apply Team Complex patches (These allow the xbox trunk to be built)
- Once that's done, follow onscreen instructions until Razzle loads
- Type into razzle: easybuild
- You can now build from the Easy-Build mainmenu
- Built binaries will be in %DriveRoot%\xbox\xboxbuilds\fre\{dump}

*Any issues or suggestions please open an issue ticket so I can look into it*

**What's Updated?**
- Postbuild scripts now have 'basic' logs in the %_NT386TREE% folder
- Added copying 'HVS Launcher Test' files (not sure what this is)
- Added two more buildable directories in "private\sdktools\factory"

**Previous Updates**

- Added 'xmakesamples.cmd' which builds the XDK Sample CD.
- Added a WIP script to set off the XDK build *see XDK below*
- Fixed %_BUILDVER% not being set on razzle-easybuild handover
- Changed menu colours (I may change back depending on feedback)
- Small update to some 'dirs' files that adds folders to the build process that can build successfully
- Separated easybuild.cmd (mainmenu) to public/tools/ 
- Added xcopybins.cmd (basic, needing love, has pauses to tell us what's going down)
- Actual easybuild.cmd shows correct Razzle Tool Path now, starts xcopybins.cmd as postbuild
  
**XDK Building**
**InstallShield Professional 6.2 is required for this**
I have included my currently in progress script to try and build the Xbox SDK. Currently it fails compiling the InstallShield specific XDK Setup scripts.. 

- To run the script, load Easy-Build, drop to Razzle prompt and type **"private\SDK\setup\xsdkbuild.cmd"**

  
**If you want to help the development of Easy-Build, have some issues join the Matrix chat!**

  https://matrix.to/#/!febkSwamiedCsfevDe:matrix.org?via=matrix.org
  
**For a VHD image with the SRC set up ready go here:**

  https://gofile.io/d/PZngu0

**NOTE** The version of Easy-Build in the VHD is the initial version, **UPDATE EASY-BUILD** simply by dropping the updated files here in place.


  **NOTE: This is the first release, It is lacking in many features that Easy-Build-NT5 has.. If I get time I will eventually figure out more of the build system**
  
  ![Menu](https://github.com/Empyreal96/easy-build-xbox/raw/main/menu.png)
